Add all-remote FAQ (#753)
sourcegraph/about: company/remote/index.md

  - Teammates are responsible for setting their own work hours and marking them in Google Calendar.
  - We try to limit the number of synchronous meetings, but there are some [company](../../handbook/communication/company_meeting.md) and team meetings that you need to attend which might be outside of your normal working hours. We do our best to optimize meeting times for all involved participants.

## FAQ

> ### How are you able to maintain team cohesiveness and togetherness while working remotely?

Reviewer: "cohesiveness and togetherness" sounds awkward. "team spirit", "team culture", "team cohesion", etc., all sound better IMO.

Author: ```suggestion
### How are you able to maintain team cohesion while working remotely?
```
